The Wall is the first "tower" in the game. It does not have any form of
			     attack, but is very cheap, making it the ideal tower to build the bulk of
			     your defenses with. Since it has no attack, it also cannot be upgraded,
			     though it may be sold like any other tower.\n\nBranch 1: Learns NYI.


The Point Tower is the earliest and cheapest tower that can attack creeps.
			     Despite this, the Point Tower can prove useful well into the late game;
			     its first branch, which emphasizes creep control, contains the coveted
			     Singularity spell among others, which warps all nearby creeps onto a 
			     spot of your choosing. Not only does it bunch up all of the creeps for
			     your splash towers, it can also effectively increase the distance that
			     creeps must travel before escaping. Its prerequisite, Blink, is also very 
			     useful for catching any creeps that might escape, especially since the 
			     Point Blank passive spell doubles its damage versus closer creeps.
			     Alternatively, the Point Tower can become a veritable shotgun with its
			     second branch, as both of its initial spells grant it the ability to
			     fire numerous times. When combined with its final spell, Piercing Shell,
			     the Point Tower has the potential to become one of the heaviest armor
			     reducing towers in the game.\n\nBranch 1: Learns Particle Accelerator, 
			     Point Blank, Blink, Singularity.\n\nBranch 2: Learns Multi-Cannon, 
			     Recoil Rounds, Bulletstorm Aura, Piercing Shells.


The Water Tower is the first true splash tower, though it can also serve
			     as a single-target tower as well. The splash damage, found primarily in
			     the Water Tower's first branch, is one of the most efficient in the game
			     due to Puddle; not only does the initial explosion deal splash, but it
			     also leaves a puddle of water that damages creeps that walk on it, With
			     Coagulant, Puddles also gain the ability to slow creeps, allowing the
			     Water Tower to serve as a rudimentary crowd control tower. Whereas the
			     second branch of the Point Tower is like a shotgun, the second branch of
			     the Water Tower is most similar to a machinegun - Hydraulic Nozzle
			     reduces the attack delay of the Water Tower to 0.1 seconds, but also
			     gives a large reduction to damage that decreases as the tower levels up.
			     Because of this, it is often a good idea to use this type of Water Tower
			     with an armor reducing tower or in conjunction with its Drench ability,
			     which has a low cooldown and reduces creep armor at the same time.\n
			     \nBranch 1: Learns Puddle, Splash Aura, Coagulant, Deep Blue.\n\nBranch 2:
			     Learns Hydraulic Nozzle, Drench, Pressure Valve, Osmosis.

Like the Water Tower before it, the Clock Tower is a hybrid between a
			     splash tower and a single-target tower, though it tends to scale better
			     than its counterpart. With three spells in its first branch that can stun
			     creeps, the single-target component of the Clock Tower is also a very 
			     effective crowd control tower. Chronosphere, in particular, has the ability 
			     to stop entire waves of creeps at a time, making it useful at any stage
			     of the game. Since it also stops projectiles as well, it is often a good 
			     idea to use Chronosphere with Eraser Towers or towers like Storm Towers 
			     that don't focus on projectile damage. The second branch of the Clock
			     Tower revolves around Chime, which appears to be just a typical AoE spell
			     that scales well due to its percent damage. However, the two passives
			     that follow it, Deafen and Repercussion, both activate whenever the tower
			     deals other damage, and both deal percent damage as well, allowing the 
			     tower to effectively dispatch even higher level creeps. Since Deafen and 
			     Repercussion are not limited by the type of damage done, it is possible
			     to create a hybrid Clock Tower with Time Lapse and these two passives,
			     though it would lack either of its very powerful final spells.\n\nBranch 
			     1: Learns Time Lapse, Pause, Alacrity Aura, and Chronosphere.\n\nBranch 
			     2: Learns Chime, Deafen, Repercussion, and Sonic Boom.

The Storm Tower is a deceptively powerful mid-game tower that can deal
			     quite a bit of both single-target and splash damage, albeit indirectly.
			     One of the more unique branches in the game, the Storm Tower's first
			     branch revolves entirely around cooldown-based damaging spells. These
			     spells, the first three in the branch, are all quite similar - they deal
			     high damage with a relatively low cooldown. The final spell in the branch,
			     Squall Winds, doesn't deal any actual damage, but vastly improves the
			     Storm Tower's damage by reducing all cooldowns by 6 seconds. On some
			     spells, the cooldown decreases to merely a few seconds, possibly even
			     less when combined with Alacrity Aura from a Clock Tower. Perhaps just
			     as unusual, the second branch of the Storm Tower focuses on increasing
			     creep armor. Every creep that is hit by Cold Wave gains armor at the cost
			     of reduced speed, up to a maximum of 90% reduced speed at +90 armor,
			     though there is no limit to the amount of armor granted by Cold Wave.
			     Once the Storm Tower acquires Frostbite however, the extra armor suddenly
			     turns against them, as Frostbite deals vastly improved damage over time
			     to highly armored targets. Combined with the slowing effect of Cold Wave,
			     the Storm Tower can become a very lethal force by itself, though other
			     towers, especially ones like Eraser Towers that ignore armor, should be
			     used to maximize damage done.\n\nBranch 1: Learns Searing Bolt, Ionic
			     Storm, Headwind, and Squall Winds.\n\nBranch 2: Learns Cold Wave, 
			     Freezing Aura, Frostbite, Cryonimbus.

The Eraser Tower is a rather unusual hybrid between a support tower and
			     a damage tower; the tower itself cannot fire projectiles. Instead, the
			     damaging branch of the Eraser Tower deals damage to any creeps that are
			     foolish enough to walk over it. Expunge is an incredibly damaging spell
		 	     given its low requirements, but is also notoriously hard to use properly
			     due to its cast time and small area. When combined with Smudge however,
		 	     which deals a large amount of splash damage in a small radius whenever 
			     a creep is killed by the Eraser Tower, the Eraser Tower can form a chain 
			     of death that can wipe out an entire wave, especially if the creeps are 
			     close together such as through the effect of Singularity. Creeps that 
			     manage to survive such an onslaught leave only to take extra damage from
			     other towers due to the Eraser Tower's Indelibility spell. Alternatively,
			     the Eraser Tower can become a powerful support tower, boasting an unrivaled
			     three auras out of the four spells it possesses that range from increasing
			     damage to reducing upgrade time. The remaining spell, Cleanse, is just
			     as important as the auras however, if not more so - it removes all armor,
			     immunities, and active effects from nearby creeps. In the late game, it
			     becomes somewhat of a requisite if there are many splash towers or fast
			     but weak towers like the Water Tower, but keep in mind that the converse
			     also holds true - beneficial effects from spells like Cold Wave or Piercing
			     Rounds are also removed.\n\nBranch 1: Learns Fade, Expunge, Smudge,
			     Indelibility.\n\nBranch 2: Learns Efficiency Aura, Elastic Aura, Cleanse,
			     Purifier Aura.

As the first of the higher tier towers, the Mirror Tower is a versatile
			     damage tower that can deal damage to either one or many creeps at the
			     same time. In terms of single-target damage, the Mirror Tower is nearly
			     unparalleled. Its primary form of damage, Solarbeam, starts out weak but
			     gains damage with every passing second. At the highest levels, Solarbeam
			     can easily deal thousands of damage per second after only a few seconds
			     of charging. Unfortunate creeps that happen to die to the tower also 
			     burst into flames with Ignite, inflicting damage over time to other
			     creeps in the area. In addition to its powerful single-target damage,
			     this branch of the Mirror Tower also possesses Radiance Aura, arguably
			     the best offensive aura in the game, which causes every nearby tower,
			     even Walls, to inflict damage over time to nearby creeps. The splash
			     damage from the second branch is less striking, and could even be called
			     mediocre. However, it is relatively fast, and has an advantage over other
			     splash damage - the "splash" damage from Reflection isn't actually splash
			     damage, though it does damage multiple creeps at once. With Polarize,
			     it also ignores up to all of a creep's armor, making it quite effective
			     against highly armored creeps. The branch's one triggered spell, Lens
			     Flare, has the potential to be incredibly powerful, with huge damage and
			     a maximum 3 second stun, but requires good timing to maximize its power.
			     And finally, not to be outdone, this branch of the Mirror Tower also has
			     Brilliance Aura, which causes all nearby towers to generate a small amount
			     of ink per second. While it may not be entirely sustainable, it certainly
			     helps, especially when built early.\n\nBranch 1: Learns Solarbeam, Ignire,
			     Radiance Aura, Fahrenheit 451.\n\nBranch 2: Learns Reflection, Polarize,
			     Lens Flare, and Brilliance Aura.

The Night Tower is a tower of extremes; it can either deal large amounts
			     of damage to a single target, or fair damage to every creep on the field.
			     The tower's first branch has a strong affinity towards damage over time,
			     as reflected by its "bread and butter" skill, Cloak and Dagger. When the
			     tower is directly behind an creep however, the damage dealt by Cloak and
			     Dagger is instant, and in most cases quite large. As such, strategically
			     placed Night Towers can deal fairly ridiculous amounts of single-target
			     projectile damage, especially since they gain bonus damage for each tower
			     next to them via Cover of Darkness. Its final spell, Assassinate, allows
			     the Night Tower to instantly kill almost any single creep, though the 
			     damage dealt is mitigated by armor. The Night Tower's second branch is
			     more reminiscent of the old Inkwave Towers, with its Blackout spell. 
			     When cast, Blackout deals damage to every creep on the field, except for
			     those that are splash immune.  Upon learning Grand Convergence, the Night 
			     Tower essentially becomes a bomb, for whenever it is upgraded afterwards, 
			     it deals massive global damage and stuns all creeps on the field. Another
			     must for late-game play with weak towers, Black Omen absorbs all damage
			     dealt to creeps, only to deal the total back to them several seconds 
			     later. Besides the damage bonus on the highest level of Black Omen, it
			     also allows the weaker towers to bypass creep armor, greatly boosting
			     their damage on later waves. Arguably however, the main attraction of 
			     this branch is its final spell, Total Eclipse, which deals half of every
			     creep's maximum health as damage over 5 seconds. Such is the power of
			     the eclipse that other towers cannot even fire, though active effects
			     like Cloak and Dagger or damage areas like the Eraser Tower's Fade will 
			     still work.\n\nBranch 1: Learns Cloak and Dagger, Nightshade, Cover of
			     Darkness, Assassinate.\n\nBranch 2: Learns Blackout, Grand Convergence,
			     Black Omen, Total Eclipse.

The Void Tower focuses entirely on manipulating the maximum health of
			     creeps. Because the two branches work oppositely, it is recommended to
			     only have one type of Void Tower at any given time. The first branch,
			     which decreases maximum health, works more like a traditional tower;
			     every hit that lowers maximum health below current health also lowers
			     current health as well. If the creep's maximum health falls too low
			     below its original maximum health, Vanish instantly kills it, though it
			     must be hit by a Void Tower with Vanish first. Unlike its counterpart,
			     the final spell of this branch, Decimate, is not very spectacular. To
			     make up for this, it has a very short cooldown, allowing for use with
			     almost every wave. In contrast to the first, the second branch cannot
			     deal any direct damage. Instead, every hit while Phantom Life is active
			     grants additional maximum health to an enemy. Though the amounts are
			     fairly large, they gain no bonus whatsoever from damage increasing effects,
			     and may lose their edge in the very late game. Besides helping towers
			     that deal percent damage, such as the Clock Tower, this increase in life
			     also increases the damage done by Memento Mori, which is based on the
			     difference between current health and maximum health. However, Memento
			     Mori can never kill an enemy, leaving it at a minimum of 1 health. When
			     using it, it is often a good idea to cast the final spell of the branch,
			     Borrowed Time, first, as it gives a massive boost to the maximum health
			     of all creeps.\n\nBranch 1: Learns Health Void, Spectral Hit, Vanish,
			     Decimate.\n\nBranch 2: Learns Phantom Life, Recklessness, Memento Mori,
			     Borrowed Time.